[Applause]
yeah last time you were here you know
when you're pregnant you accidentally
revealed the gender of your baby I did
we could slip into something else by the
way I can't believe that this title
wasn't taken oh I was so shocked I was
like I'm just like an open book oh that
could be the tire and it's great because
not only is it a good title its
directions really like you pick it up
it's like Oh open but exactly and there
I go was it hard to like write a book
about your life was that something that
was difficult well I mean there's been
so many things in my life that have
happened that you Chyna can't make it up
yeah and I wanted to fill the world in
on these fun stories but also emotional
stories right kind of how I got to the
place I'm in know some very tough
stories very a lot of very fun and
interesting yes you'll be crying and
then you'll start laughing yeah you
audition for the Mickey Mouse Club
this is something I never realize I
assumed you obviously would have gotten
right into that with you know Britney
and Justin or whatever but you did not
get into the mick I didn't I did it but
I did go to the like to the finals but
they said that I needed like acting
lessons and so in Dallas I mean
apparently Chuck Norris is like the
person to go to so well yes you mean for
acting lessons yeah he was my acting
coach was Chuck what's he really yes he
was my acting coach and he was you know
a little tough I don't want to I don't
want to just just slide by Chuck Norris
being erratic what year is this that
Chuck Norris is your acting coach I was
12 years old okay oh so 92 92 now this
is just before like Walker Texas Ranger
and Barney was my acting partner what
the dinosaur yeah
but basically like he said that I was I
had too many expressions who did Barney
yes tell me what kind of advice your he
had a school for acting he did he had a
school for the Chuck Norris school for
acting I was destined to get a Razzie
you know Wow
you know I took karate lessons from Lee
Strasberg but go on
so you're in one of my tapes he told me
I moved my eyebrows too much he did yeah
and I had to do all of my lines with my
eyebrows taped tape Ali well he asked me
who my favorite actor was and I thought
should I say Chuck Norris and he told me
to channel my inner my inner Denzel
Washington okay he told the 12-year old
girl to channel her in that was at the
time my eyebrows were taped down and
what kind of tape just a masking tape
masking tape and who put the take on
tape on your head
well it wasn't Chuck it wasn't his like
he has a tape he has a taper okay this
is some school all I do is watch for his
eyebrows wait do you think there was
anything to that the eyebrow don't you
want to move your apparently Chuck
Norris is very serious about keeping
your eyebrows still gosh yeah I'm gonna
have to go back literally Mike it was 12
years old you are and being rejected by
Mickey Mouse has gotta really hit you
too it was painful in that moment it was
the most devastating thing I could have
gone through I don't have a relationship
then with the other Mouseketeers I well
throughout life we've all found our way
back to each other I say is where
the same circuit and I knew Justin
Timberlake very well right after divorce
and he was out of a relationship
he was like over at my house oh and we
shared a nostalgic kiss but and I
thought oh this is interesting and he
took his phone out and started typing
and I was like okay I hope that's not
like another girl like that I like stick
my tongue out too much yeah but
apparently him and Ryan Gosling had a
bet on who would kiss me first when they
were 12 years old and so he texts i Ryan
and said he won the bet okay so we don't
kiss again
yeah that's now does do they know about
these stories in the book I mean no but
that's just like a little part yeah yeah
well how much did they bet did you ever
find out what how much did they bet I
don't even know what they bet Ryan
Gosling's so you never really had a
crush on him or it was the one that I
was like when I was 12 I was like this
guy is so cool and he's from Canada I
don't know where that is on the map I
still feel that way about him I really
do yeah have your parents read the book
they have they have you had to fire your
dad at one point is that I do that was I
do talk about that in the book that was
a very hard thing for me to do yeah it
was always my manager and that was our
relationship how did you do that what
was the how did it go did you call him
into your office did you call it we were
actually at dinner uh-huh
we were at dinner just like a family
dinner did you wait till the meal had
been served or had it was just flew out
of my mouth I see yeah in an angry way
or
like this is how I have to take care of
what my parents were going through a
divorce at the time and I was like this
is how to take care of the situation and
was the rest of the family just quietly
eating I mean I don't think they were
listening to us really a lot of people
don't listen to my dad and I we hadn't
go off on our own rash it's the last
thing I want zero dried in on all that I
would not have missed one beat of it but
I mean he's backstage right now so
you've rehired he's just like my best
friends I see both my parents are vexing
both your parents are backstage even
though they're split up yeah it is
supporting and you there you're not
firing them as your parents you fired
all your dad as hit the road no no
there's an amazing father and he was a
great manager but a time I needed to do
things on my own
right I mean it to him oh there's a lot
of good stuff we're gonna talk about a
lot of the subjects against Simpson is
here this is a book it's called open
book we'll be right back barbecue wings
started in Buffalo there's something
like that you know finding where that
buffalos don't have wings
[Laughter]
[Applause]
2002 is when Nick and I got married it
was like immediate yeah let me tell you
something
four do you ever watch that it was the
last thing we went back and watched one
though I mean we'll go back and look at
Clips every once in a while yeah it's
it's funny I love that I would love it I
don't know what's going on between you
guys but I would love it I know Nick is
married you're married you each have
three kids you should all move in
together and and do that sure wouldn't
that be something special that would be
a great show just saying if you're
interested I'll buy you a house I'll buy
you a very small house with a lot of
cameras in it you have a lot of great
stories in the book one of them is about
going to the White House you performed
at the White House for President Bush
right yeah I did multiple times I mean
the White House is so enchanting you
know and I was there for the holidays
mm-hmm yes Christmas is the white I mean
it's really a spectacular place to be
and my father and I were walking around
and meeting people and he introduced me
to the Secretary of Interior and I'm
like I love what you've done with the
place
[Applause]
how did the secretary react to that
[Laughter]
President Bush probably said the same
thing when I matter - that's pretty good
what's the most embarrassing thing you
revealed personally in the book as far
as light stuff goes I mean there's lots
of embarrassing moments and I think that
what's fun is that I actually like
reveal them share them I mean I don't
know what the actual most embarrassing
data tight about things we did at the
White House mess up the lyrics to God
Bless America I said god bless the
rivers mm-hmm and I don't know why why I
did that and it's a nice sentiment
though the president came up to me
afterwards he goes god blesses the
rivers too so now I like I'm afraid of
rivers is it truly used to paint ABS
onto your body oh yes yeah bad I do
admit I have a chapter called eyeshadow
ABS eyeshadow on you know it was like
pop culture to show your stomach and I
wasn't very comfortable with it I didn't
have a six-pack but I drew it on with my
eyeshadow to look like tic-tac-toe
[Laughter]
uneven shaded my bellybutton inside
do you have stories that you that people
asked you not to put in the book no I
mean I think everybody expects like it's
be open yeah and it is and like I was
letting my family read every part every
chapter is there anyone you're nervous
about when they read it what their
reaction is going to be no did you run
it by everyone who is detailed in the
book I think they might know what
stories I'm gonna say I see well yeah
well the boyfriends are in here it's uh
yeah you see but it's also very
inspirational there are very like
emotional moments and yeah it is about
my sobriety and my walk through life and
just you know like success and how to
handle it right right now I'm just I'm
I'm I'm very honest yeah well here it is
it's called the open book Jessica
Simpson it's available
Tuesday thank you for being here Jessica
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box